Add code for operators tutorial (#417)
realpython/materials: working-with-the-python-operator-module/README.md

# Working With the Python operator Module

This folder contains supplementary code for the Real Python tutorial on [Working With the Python operator Module](https://realpython.com/python-operator-module/). You can copy the code examples, or continue your learning by experimenting more with them.

## Setup

> Create and activate a virtual environment. 
> 
> ```bash
> $ python -m venv venv
> $ source venv/bin/activate
> ```
> 

Reviewer: You're just working with the standard library, so no need for a virtual environment in this case.

```suggestion
```

> For most of the examples, you'll use the `operator`, `pickle`, 'dataclasses' and `timeit` modules.  All of these come built in to Python. No additional installation is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most of the examples, you'll use the `operator`, `pickle`, `dataclasses` and `timeit` modules.  All of these come built in to Python. No additional installation is necessary.
```

## Usage

> After creating and activating your virtual environment, you should be able to run each individual file normally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run each individual file with your local Python interpreter:
```

```bash

> (venv) $ python filename.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ python filename.py
```
